Princess Sumaya University for Technology (PSUT) constantly endeavours to become a state-of-the-art authentic university within the framework of a modernised productive Jordan. It aspires to be a true knowledge production factory, a hub for research and researchers and centre of educational excellence. To serve this purpose, PSUT has established the King Abdullah I School for Graduate Studies and Scientific Research in 2004 in order to promote scientific research in the different fields of communication and information technologies (ICT). A number of modern and flexible master programmes, which offer superb research training along with a strong and up-to-date curriculum, have been launched with a major emphasis on encouraging curiosity and innovativeness among students to lay a foundation for them to acquire learning ability and adaptivity with the fast changing world. We encourage students having strong research interest and ability to join one of these master programmes which are currently offered by the different PSUT faculties. PSUT actually provides students with a very stimulating environment and its beautiful campus is superbly networked with excellent speed of internet accessibility.

The School targets areas of special strength for the offering of select master programs in different areas designed to prepare students for rewarding careers. The strength of these programs lies in the outstanding quality of its faculty, who mentor students in a genuine academic community. With a strong commitment to facilitate student learning, the faculty strives to advance knowledge relevant to society’s local, regional, and global needs.

The university allocates over 5% of its yearly budget to fund research projects initiated and conducted by faculty members. PSUT also support its faculty members to undertake research visits to leading research centres around the globe. Equally, the School is keen to establish research links with the national private ICT sector through the creation of a research network comprised of scientists from PSUT, other Jordanian universities and private sector corporations. The main focus of this network is ICT and its socio-economic impact on society. In addition, the School has been very active in national, international and EU research projects.

The School serves as the administrative unit that provides guidance and leadership for initiating and maintaining master programs of the highest quality. Its administrative roles include assisting departments offering these programs in the following ways:

Recruiting and retaining students.
Maintaining student records.
Awarding financial aid, including assistantships.
Assisting in raising funds in support of the programs.
Assuring uniformly high quality by establishing standards for all programs.
Acting as the administrator for interdisciplinary programs.
Approving students for graduation.
The Dean of the School, in conjunction with the Graduate Advisory Council Research Advisory Committee, develops policies and procedures that guide all activities related to graduate education at PSUT. In addition, the School plays a role in providing for the welfare and needs of graduate students and seeks means to meet these needs.The School actually aspires to achieve excellence at the highest standards of quality and integrity as we believe leadership is so important for the socio-economic development of the country.