King Hussein Faculty of Computing Sciences at Princess Sumaya University for Technology (PSUT) was established during the academic year of 2005/2006. This establishment is in line with PSUT’s master plan to develop and improve its facilities and faculties. The faculty consists of two academic departments: - Computer Science Department, established in 1991. - Computer Graphics and Animation, established in 2006.

King Hussein Faculty of Computing Sciences offers three Bachelor of Science (BS) and two Master of Science (MS) programs. Including:

BS in Computer Science
BS in Computer Graphics and Animation
BS in Software Engineering
MS in Computer Science
MS in Information Systems Security and Digital Criminology
Enterprise System Engineering M.Sc.
We are proud of the outstanding reputation that our graduates have in the market, in line with the efforts that the faculty has made to enhance the levels of educating, training, adapting and cultivating students' skills and preparing them for the upcoming growth of the Information Technology sector.

Furthermore, it is very pleasing for us to see that our graduates receive recognition from national and international IT firms. With the application of the university policy of maintaining strong connections with the market, relations have developed with the large information technology companies at both the local and international levels. Several agreements were also signed with academic institutions and well-known universities worldwide in order to exchange experiences, knowledge and technology. KHFCS continues to attain several scientific and academic achievements locally, regionally and internationally. In the summer of 2013, the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) has accredited the B.S. program in Computer Science among other programs. PSUT is the only university in Jordan with ABET accredited program in this specialization, which continue to be considered among the best programs in the region and the world. ABET accreditation is considered a great milestone for PSUT. It adds a great value to the university, its faculty members, and students.

The university has achieved world wide recognition and is cited on the ABET official website among a list of elite higher education institutions in the world that offer ABET accredited programs. Validating PSUT’s curriculum, PSUT graduates, over the last fifteen years, have established an impressive track records and career paths. With the ABET accreditation of the B.S. in CS program, KHFCS has focused on standardizing all of the courses and curriculum to follow ABET recommended formats and policies, and thus provide high quality assurance of education for the academic programs offered by KHFCS.